R4R: Update genesis docs (#2833)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/gaia/validators/validator-setup.md

If you want to become a validator for the Hub's `mainnet`, you should [research security](/validators/security.md).
:::

> You may want to skip the next section if you have already [joined a testnet](/join-testnet.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to skip the next section if you have already [set up a full-node](/join-testnet.md).
```

gaiad tendermint show-validator
```

Next, craft your `gaiad gentx` command:

::: warning Note
Don't use more `steak` thank you have! You can always get more by using the [Faucet](https://faucetcosmos.network/)!
:::

```bash
gaiad gentx \
  --amount <amount_of_delegation> \
  --commission-rate <commission_rate> \
  --commission-max-rate <commission_max_rate> \
  --commission-max-change-rate <commission_max_change_rate> \
  --pubkey <consensus_pubkey> \
  --name <key_name>
```

__Note__: When specifying commission parameters, the `commission-max-change-rate`
is used to measure % _point_ change over the `commission-rate`. E.g. 1% to 2% is
a 100% rate increase, but only 1 percentage point.

__Note__: If unspecified, `consensus_pubkey` will default to the output of `gaiad tendermint show-validator`.
`key_name` is the name of the private key that will be used to sign the transaction.

::: tip
Consult `gaiad gentx --help` for more information on the flags defaults.
:::

#### What are genesis transactions for?

> A `genesis transaction` is a JSON file carrying a self-delegation. All genesis transactions are collected by a `genesis coordinator` and validated against an initial `genesis.json`. Such initial `genesis.json` contains only a list of accounts and their coins. Once the transactions are processed, they are merged in the `genesis.json`'s `gentxs` field.

Reviewer: Can't you generate a `gentx` from any account to a validator? Does it really need to be a self-delegation? (in other words, can you specific --validator in `gentx`?)

Author: Not in `gentx`. You can do it with the `gaiacli tx create-validator` command though

Reviewer: I'm confused. If we're talking about self-delegation, this means that the address belongs to a validator. At genesis, we'll have a suggested Atom allocation. Atom will be allocated to fundraiser participants. We want these participants to be able to generate a delegation tx that points to a validator address. But the validator address will most likely be different from the fundraiser address. Even if a validator operator participated in the fundraiser, it would be bad security practice to use the fundraiser address as validator address. I'm lacking clarity on what the exact process looks like for this.

Author: `gaiad gentx` is only for self-delegation. `gaiacli tx create-validator` can be used for both.

Reviewer: So let's say I have Atoms on `address A` and want to delegate to a validator address `address B` and have this delegation be processed during startup (similar to a `gentx`), how would I do that?

Author: You will have to use the `gaiacli tx stake create-validator` command

#### Copy the Initial Genesis File and Process Genesis Transactions

Fetch the `genesis.json` file into `gaiad`'s config directory.

```bash
mkdir -p $HOME/.gaiad/config
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cosmos/testnets/master/latest/genesis.json > $HOME/.gaiad/config/genesis.json
```

Note we use the `latest` directory in the [testnets repo](https://github.com/cosmos/testnets)
which contains details for the latest testnet. If you are connecting to a different testnet, ensure you get the right files.

Once you've collected all genesis transactions in `~/.gaiad/config/gentx`, you can run:

```bash
gaiad collect-gentxs
```

> The previous command will collect all genesis transactions and modify `genesis.json` accordingly.

Reviewer: Aren't we missing a step here? Once `genesis.json` has been modified, what's next? Every validator/node need to start from the same `genesis.json`, so this modified `genesis.json` needs to be somehow broadcasted to other validators. Is the expected process be that after you run `collect-gentxs` you open a PR against the `genesis.json` file on github to update it? If so, it should be indicated.

Author: That's correct. In fact, a gensis coordinator will run `collect-gentxs` to generate and share the new `genesis.json`

Reviewer: This should be indicated in the file then

Author: I've amended the wording. Please review

Reviewer: Wait, wdym by "generate and share"? It's only the generation part if I'm not mistaking. The sharing must happen on github or something right? If yes, then it should be specified "Once `genesis.json` is modified to include your `GenTxs`, open a PR on the testnet repo to..."

Author: Unsure about what will be the procedure, @zmanian: how do we go about it?
